TODO:
1. Change base class from PROVObject to Record; (DONE:huanjiayang)
2. Change PROVGraph class to PROVContainer class, which should be a separate class to Record; (DONE:huanjiayang, now have a new Bundle class, PROVcontainer and Account are both sub-class of Bundle class, the Account is also a sub-class of Record)
3. Account class should be a direct sub-class to Record; (DONE:huanjiayang, in the meantime Account is also a sub-class to Bundle now)
4. Remove the ' %% ' separator option for dealing with literal type; (DONE:huanjiayang)
5. Change <class>.to_JSON function to <class>.to_provJSON; (DONE:huanjiayang)
6. Add .asserter and .attributes for Account class; (DONE: huanjiayang)
7. Namespace issue (1): PROVContainer should have a default namespace attribute; (DONE: huanjiayang)
8. Namespace issue (2): PROVContainer should summary all namespaces in its accounts; (DONE:huanjiayang)
9. Namespace issue (3): PROVContainer should be able to deal with duplicated namespace/clashed prefixes in to_provJSON();
10. Namespace issue (4): PROVContainer should deal with the situation when user defined a namespace with prefix "default";
11. Namespace issue (5): PROVContainer should deal with the situation when the same namesapce has different prefixes in different accounts?
12. Namespace issue (6): If accounts are allowed to have default namespace, then need to deal with default namespace clashes;


Known issues:
1. No function available to delete/remove record;
2. Account/Container class should have a separate class variable for default namespace; (same with TODO 7)
3. Account should have own namespaces (DONE:huanjiayang), and Account/PROVContainer.to_provJSON function will need to be able to merge all namespaces(TODO 8), and deal with prefix clashes (TODO 9);

Questions:
1. When adding an account nested by another non-default account, should it be added into the top level container with its parent account being specified, or should it be added into its parent account directly?

Possible future Dev:
1. Record/Bundle.from_provJSON() ?
